okay this video is about the Morgellons
red wine test if anybody finds an
alternative explanation for what I'm
showing here I will instantly remove
this video now when Scott states that
these fibers get lodged in between the
teeth to me it seems that they are
congregating in the saliva
apart from there's been a doubly flawed
test
I'd like you to actually look up wine
production you do know that when one is
produced there's a certain amount of
residue within left within that bottle
and most manufactures reluctant to
remove the residue because it removes
part of the taste so as much as possible
is left in the bottle and this consists
of like grape skins that yeast cells
and the fines used to actually clear the
wine they are in essence
well the grape skins are are are in
essence fibers wonder we would like
fibers under a microscope but yeah you
will always get this ver energy within
the wine and the fact that more and more
seems to appear as you go on in within
the test seems obvious to me as well the
first glass huge pink will have the
least amount the last class you have
actually dreamed would have the most
that's because the residue is in the
bottom of the bottles and to suggest
that most of this fibrous material is
collecting within the slider again the
reason is simply enough you just swirl
Guillen life around with bread and wine
for one to two minutes and fully mixed
fibers within your saliva
and what happens here is I've actually
done it several times to actually
demonstrate that one tends to get more
as one goes on but the suggestion has
basically been that there is a
relationship between these particles
coming into our bodies and acting as
transmitters and receivers of
electromagnetic frequencies well the
system might have been made but that's
hardly proof is it anyone can make any
sort of suggestion but without evidence
to prove what you're saying it's just
your opinion and it's not fact and
there's nothing on Connie comm site a
cottage cheese for fact what evidence is
it for this earth phenomena neither I
don't know how your money to link mucus
mix with red wine to chemtrails but
somehow you have somehow you believe
that these fibers which you've not
proven are fibers by the way are
actually metallic in substance again
improved on tested
but somehow they're being used as a like
a nano bot which actually congregates
and actually forms itself into some sort
of autonomous being inside your body
which somehow destroys your immune
system I don't know what you're talking
about mate this is so totally science
fiction to me when I look out I can see
these fibers and plots of fibers are
actually inside of my eyes they're not
actually in your eyes they're actually
bacteria and dirt on the surface of the
eye everyone is experiencing this
phenomena sometime other in the right
conditions you can actually see the
bacteria floating on the surface of the
eye that's quite normal that's not
unusual and it's got nothing to do with
Morgellons disease and it's got nothing
whatsoever to do with chemtrails leaving
so-called fibers within the atmosphere
by